contacted unknown origin descending fast
extend the perimeter no one gets in
nothing gets out
[Music]
where to he was travel in that direction
latitude 40.5 we're just gonna stick
with that direction this vehicles behind
us are indicating a pattern of pursuit
are you doing this there's no way no
my brother and I would not from your
planet well you don't look like aliens
you know what aliens look like they'd
like little green people with antennas
that take me to your leader earthlings
Oh our spaceship is locked inside which
mountain if you don't get there in time
the invasion will begin oh he's a bounty
hunter he's here for us you are in way
over your head
whatever you doing keep doing it
do not fly this thing right you think we
got you you crashed remember
[Music]
you